hey guys it's Sarah here coming to you
again from we planned with a another
hair tutorial today today I'm going to
be showing you how use my custom clip in
weave land hair extensions to do this
fun big flirty ponytail so if you'd like
to see how I did that make sure you keep
watching and also if you're ordering
extensions make sure you use my code
Sarah 5 for a little bit of a discount
off of your order so starting with our
hair all down and it does not have to be
super clean hair this is a great way to
hide second day here I'm just going to
start at right above my ears and I'm
going to make a part around the back of
my head and then we are going to take
one of our clip in extensions and you
are going to clip it the opposite way
that you normally would so you're going
to be putting the clips in so that they
are pointing upward with the teeth and
then snapping that into place so that
your extension is hanging actually
sticking out from your head a little bit
once you get that one secured you're
going to go up to about the crown of the
back of your head and repeat that
process with another track of clip in
extensions and then once that is secure
the next area you want to do is up at
the top of your crown and this one
you're going to clip in how you would
normally clip here in hair extensions so
it hangs backwards because our high
ponytail is going to need the extensions
to flow and lay nicely in the same
direction as our hair growth is so
there's going to be a fourth extension
right in front of the last one right
above the crown so it's a little bit
towards the top and then after you get
all those extensions in you're just
going to want to gather your hair like
you normally would when you're doing a
ponytail and I like to tease the front
section just a little bit to give it a
little bit more volume before I do that
just so I have a little bit of height on
top then when I gather my hair into a
ponytail I'm just going to use my
teasing comb to smooth back the sides
and the bottom to make sure everything
is nice and tight and you're going to
secure that with an elastic your hair is
going to be much thicker than usual so
it might be a little bit difficult to
get as the elastic around as many times
as you normally would once you get that
in I like to just comb through my hair
and make sure the texture is all nice
and smooth and then a lot of the times
what I like to do is take a small
section of hair from the bottom of my
ponytail and wrap it around to hide the
elastic just to give it a cute more done
look and you just want to secure that
piece around with
you pins and then I like to just call my
ponytail mess it up with a little bit of
hairspray sometimes I'll tease it a
little bit just to give it a nice fat
textured look and help the two different
textures of your own hair and the
extensions blend but this will give you
a nice fun super long fat ponytail which
some of us with thinner hair can't
always achieve if you guys are on
Twitter make sure you retweet and check
out our tweetable for this video for all
my 80's and 90's girls that remember my
little pony our tweetable for this video
today is going to be my not so little
pony so I hope you guys enjoyed this
style make sure if you're checking out
leave land extensions use my code Sarah
54 a discount off of your hair extension
check out my channel on youtube under
sarah Ordo i will talk to you guys later
bye
you